I
maybe I'll consider my protege this is a
girl in Ireland hmm who's making prank
calls at the age of 80 we will endeavour
to bring you a few things but this is
what I'm about she doesn't like a school
and she want us to get it demolished so
she goes to a demolition experts and
tries to convince them how do I score I
got the demolition place berger could
tell me take you through my school
please refer me a second oh hi boy look
there's ego thing I got to school and
open and you wanted the knowledge yeah I
use the big wrecking ball or we ride you
like a Down I think right a big dog nice
but hold on one second thing hello sorry
my name is Becky yes I have a proposal
for you go ahead i use the demolition
man yep give this hot dogs yeah go ahead
hello I want you two to help me destroy
my school you want to blow it up didn't
blow it open acha 10 whatever whatever
whatever you want done I'll blow it up
that would be better can you make sure
that all my teachers are in there when
you're not again no get away without
night oh well nobody likes me extra
homework on a Friday and everything are
you calling from from doing whatever
what's good in Dublin the one that's
about to fall down a lot of kings a
little bit fall day and how much would
it cost to knock you to the ground
that's a big Italian Irish a leaky Fox
me through your photograph for our sake
plan or something I shall you to a
plan of the school I'm gonna teach you
things yeah no problem yes you just make
sure that they're all in the building
when you knock again your own idiom loma
i'll give you a page base individual
nature ya wanna make it crash or wowzers
make a big bang thanks good Thank good
ok let me give you a ballpark figure
she's got a big